# DMAB
## The code of "Temporal link prediction based on node dynamics"
Temporal link prediction (TLP) aims to predict future links and has attracted increasing attention recently. The diverse interaction patterns and nonlinear nature of temporal networks make it challenging to design high-accuracy and general prediction algorithms. In recent years, black-box models such as network embeddings and graph neural networks have gradually become the mainstream for TLP mainly due to their high prediction accuracy. However, a good TLP algorithm also need to assist us to explore the network evolution mechanism, and the accuracy-oriented black-box methods cannot well explain the network evolution mechanism owing to its low interpretability. Therefore, a high-accuracy white-box TLP method is currently in urge need. In this paper, we innovatively turn the perspective of link prediction to a more microscopic level, that is, the node itself, and we take some dynamic nature of the node itself to predict future links. Two dynamic properties--node activity and node loyalty, are extracted and quantified. Activity is the basic ability of a node to obtain links, and loyalty is the ability of a node to maintain it's current link state. Based on the above two properties, we propose a Develop-Maintain Activity Backbone model (DMAB) as our TLP algorithm. Contrast experiments with six SOAT black-box model methods on twelve real networks illustrate that the DMAB algorithm has not only excellent prediction performance but also captures network evolution mechanisms.
